Added annotations reference table (#1659)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/arguments-annotations-overview.md

---

> type: docs
> title: "Dapr arguments and annotations"
> linkTitle: "Daprd, CLI, and Kubernetes arguments and annotations"
> description: "The arguments and annotations available when configuring Dapr in different environments"
> weight: 300
> aliases:
>   - "/operations/components/setup-pubsub/setup-pubsub-overview/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type: docs
title: "Dapr arguments and annotations for daprd, CLI, and Kubernetes"
linkTitle: "Arguments and annotations"
description: "The arguments and annotations available when configuring Dapr in different environments"
weight: 350
aliases:
  - "/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-annotations/"
```
